README.md, before:

# FILTERING

Enables parsing of expression's to a set of easy to navigate nodes.

## Syntax
The syntax is basic, a single filter looks like this:
```
<property>:<operator>:<value>
name:eq:willem
```

You can chain multiple filters together:
```
<property>:<operator>:<value> <logic> <property>:<operator>:<value>
name:eq:willem AND age:gt:10
```

You can also group filters together:
```
<property>:<operator>:<value> <logic> (<property>:<operator>:<value> <logic> <property>:<operator>:<value>)
name:eq:willem AND (age:gt:10 OR city:neq:amsterdam)
```

### Operators

| Operator   | Description         |
| ---------- | ------------------- |
| eq         | Equals              |
| neq        | Not Equals          |
| gt         | Greater then        |
| lt         | Less then           |
| gte        | Greater then equals |
| lte        | Loss then equals    |
| like       | Like                |

### Logic operators

| Operator   | Description         |
| ---------- | ------------------- |
| AND        | Should i explain?   |
| OR         | Should i explain?   |

## Planned features
- Date operators
- Better error handling

## Support

Hey 👋 If you like our libraries. Support us by  [buying](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/LYDICGROUP) us a coffee!

Commit message:

Added a Usage chapter to the README

README.md, after:

# FILTERING

Enables parsing of expression's to a set of easy to navigate nodes.

## Usage

Install the package using composer
```
composer require lydicgroup/filtering
```

```injectablephp
<?php

require_once 'vendor/autoload.php';

$expression = 'name:eq:willem';
$lexer = new \LydicGroup\Filtering\ExpressionLexer();
$parser = new \LydicGroup\Filtering\ExpressionParser($lexer);
$nodes = $parser->parse($expression);
```

You can now use the nodes in whatever way you want. 

## Syntax
The syntax is basic, a single filter looks like this:
```
<property>:<operator>:<value>
name:eq:willem
```

You can chain multiple filters together:
```
<property>:<operator>:<value> <logic> <property>:<operator>:<value>
name:eq:willem AND age:gt:10
```

You can also group filters together:
```
<property>:<operator>:<value> <logic> (<property>:<operator>:<value> <logic> <property>:<operator>:<value>)
name:eq:willem AND (age:gt:10 OR city:neq:amsterdam)
```

### Operators

| Operator   | Description         |
| ---------- | ------------------- |
| eq         | Equals              |
| neq        | Not Equals          |
| gt         | Greater then        |
| lt         | Less then           |
| gte        | Greater then equals |
| lte        | Loss then equals    |
| like       | Like                |

### Logic operators

| Operator   | Description         |
| ---------- | ------------------- |
| AND        | Should i explain?   |
| OR         | Should i explain?   |

## Planned features
- Date operators
- Better error handling

## Support

Hey 👋 If you like our libraries. Support us by  [buying](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/LYDICGROUP) us a coffee!
